8 duo-ended brushes designed with the softest materials for better appliance.

Do you have dry skin? Then don't worry our new product is designed for people with dry skin. Buy now and get 45% percent off of your first order.

Anti-rip leather - Are you tired of your leather appliances degrading over time? With our all-new anti-rip design your leather appliances will look new! Forever 

Introducing our Airwave leggings - Guaranteed to keep you cool and comfortable No matter your body type.

Be free from legal trouble within 48 hours. We at (law firm ) promise you legal help and be free of conviction in under 48 hours.

Get your insurance paid out within 70 hours! Outsurance Promises fast, reliable, and fair Prices.

Get the fastest and most reliable internet for only R700.We at herotel promise NO packet loss with a fast and stable connection. 

Get the wifi you deserve. With herotel you can get upto 200mbs download and upload for only R700 . Order now and get 30% Off of your first month.

Autodock - introduces a new and improved reinforced stainless steel exhaust for your motorcycle.

Brand new Gear for 60% Off. Get rid of your old gear and upgrade to fresh ones for an amazing price.

imagine the bike of your dreams. Comfortability, speed, newly designed and upgraded stainless steel exhaust that roars like a lion, specially engineered seats for the utmost comfortability for prolonged riding sessions, 
and most importantly a bike designed to last a lifetime - The GSX-S1000 promises exactly that.

Looking for a new keyboard? The new Samsung Le39120 comes in 2 Models. A full keyboard or a 60% keyboard made to be comfortable for prolonged gaming sessions  - Made to sound crispy and satisfying to soothe you while you game.

Get the most comfortable mouse Now! The new Logitech a3476 is designed to be aero-dynamic -  made to be comfortable for all types of hands.

Get the new PS5 access controller - The PlayStation 5 access controller is designed to be comfortable, aerodynamic, and easy to use for disabled gamers. all buttons are built close to each other and built in a curve to ensure comfortability for prolonged gaming sessions.

Introducing the new Samsung Galaxy S24 ultra- With new and improved specs such as camera quality, screen size, and resolution. Made to be the number 1 smartphone on the market. 

Get your 30k puff vape Now! for only R300. Vapengin's new marshmallow ice will have you relaxed and cool 24/7 - Buy 2 marshmallow ice for R550 to enter a raffle to win Big Prizes!

New vape bundles are in! Get 3 10k puff vapes for only R500 - banana milk, peach ice, sour berries, rainbow sky, marshmallow ice, and gum mint.

Nike one-size-fits-all - Buy one get one free!  

Introducing Coca-Cola's new flavor! cherry pine - A fruity and zesty kick to start your day off on the right foot.

The perfect graphics card is here! The RTX 5090 is designed to blow the 4090 out of the park - with 28 GB, 17000 cores
and with the new and improved AD110 processor, This graphic card is made to play 8k 244hz without breaking a sweat. 

A new super processor is here. Amd ryzen 9 8300k promises ultra-fast processing never seen before, 18 cores and 36 threads this processor is perfect for your gaming needs.

Uber Eats Specials Available Now! - Get 75% off of your next order over R100.

Introducing Seeker - Seeker is a self-built product that can locate and track any device connected to it like your wallet, phone, keys, and much more. seeker is a small tag designed to be small for security and safety reasons to keep hidden in case of theft.

Security at its best - With the all-new doorbell camera system built to have 4k camera quality for easier identification in case of robbery and with a silent alarm that will activate and send an emergency alarm to the closest police station upon break-ins.

James and co can build your walls faster and sturdier than others. We promise fast, reliable, and efficient work to make your life easier - Use us now to get 10% off of your first job with us.

New Bud Light will give you a buzz for a light year - Bud Light + gives you the exact same taste but 2% stronger!

KFC's New Burger Meal deal - Get a chicken crunch burger or a spicy chicken crunch burger with chips for only R38.99

Xcraft xc1000 gives you our brand-new gaming keyboard designed to stay responsive even after 5 years. 

If you are looking for your next gaming headphones then look no further the Logitech c298 has been improved in many ways - With new and improved sound quality to make everything you play sound clearer and crispier than before,
cooling gel ear cushions for extra comfort and to keep you cool for your gaming sessions - Buy now to get 20% off.

Scuff brings you the only controller you'll ever need- The scuff Supreme Wallow is made to last a lifetime, with analogs designed to never have stick drift and most importantly a controller that is comfortable to hold for prolonged sessions - Buy 1 get 1 free for as low as R4000.

